727-394-6644
954-694-0211 - Jose

Cody Baker - Riker74

10/03/97
Sequoia Fall, Washington 

Alex: Sugar "Maxwell" Harrison
Matt: Gary Cooper - UnbanShaharazad74
Shino: Sebastian
Brendan: "Pastor" Michael Goodman

Mandy: 300 Oak Grove Terrace

Unusually high police repsonses to homelessnes

Computer use check: Mr. Honeycomb. Local legend around Mt Daniels National Park. Local cryptid is a man named Mr. Honeycomb. waits in the woods for city-folk. all descriptions involve some sort of honeycomb feature and but not the same as what we saw. some say he eats the victims, some say just scares you. Also has long black hair, but sometimes blonde. all inconsistent except he is  a man with some honeycombfeature. 

Nazi bar

Sarah Prescott
881 3rd ave NE

Sean Fielding
55 Rosebush Court

Sequioa falls is a beacon for tech due to developments in prosthestics & chemicals re

Saint Anselms Center for Hope: 147 Country Club

Dan Calhoun: Known Sean 2 years. Saw Sean's car parked in front of the hardware on last saturday 09/27 for a short time in front of the hardware store but Sean never came to the Cheese. Went to the bar the Spigot on Rt 90. Sean went to other bars that seemed "private"

Strange woman who came to the hardware store. dirty and smelled. dressed like a jazz musician, never stops smiling, "something wrong with her." pine needles in hair. homeless?? but has tons of cash on hand. First saw her early September. in hear early 30s. Bought: crazy glue, red spray paint, cattle prod.

01/28/22

Foxtglove family, biotech startups? Winston P Foxtglove library. "Name is synonymous with the town." Also associated with LTX. in 1949 Wintston left LTX which he had re-launched.

Oliver Foxtrot did science inovations with his son Cid which has made the economy boom in the last 2 years. Linus Anderson became mayor on this wave of technology. 

LTX was established in 1949 when the board forced Winston out of the company. Was previously Land Transit Express but changed to LTX when Winton was expelled. Winston went on to found a manufacturing company in a neighboring town. That company is now part of the biotech boom in the city. This company is apparently a prosthetics company. 

LTX recently obtained the prosthetics manufacturing company. This happened shortly after Oliver died mysteriously. 

Foxglove was ousted right after a bunch of explosions happened at shipping locations. Investigations showed Winston was responsible. 

Oliver's son Cid is recognized as being responsible for the tech boom. Cid has been missing since the death of his father.

House is abandoned, month old vomit. Island in the kitchen has two burn marks, cattle prod? Jazz lady? Shoes prints match jazz woman. Jazz woman assaulted Sarah Prescott and either killed or kidnapped her. Drag marks go to empty driveway. Pile of boxes near the front door. Hexagons in the bedroom. Spray painted on wall by jazz lady. Key-card on   the ground, Sarah Prescott's LTX employee card. Room is ransacked but nothing is missing. only missing thing is the car. room was ransacked for car keys probably. 


02/03/22

Sebastian International started in the 1970s. Bought out by LTX in 1989. Very little records exist after this date. Company was closed and shuttered but was reopened in May of 1997. No records since then. Office in the Redwood Mega-mall at 100 Parkway Frontage road, suite 50.

02/28/22

Note from "Agent Tremolo"

LTX Number: 800-340-3151

Interview at LTX. Did not get the job.
High turnover at LTX, people who work their dont know why they are shipping dirt.

03/04/22

Detective Reeves called LTX but we also have his card. 

Failed spot hidden on Margie's desk. Computer is locked. Margie hasn't quit yet, appears to still work here but is not in today. Most are invoices. 
There is a pattern in the invoices, rythm of "short trip long trip." Something feels wrong. Applies to a lot of different drivers. Systemic, weird. not random.

Everything about the office seems normal otherwise. Kramer is obsessed with the dirt.

Maxwell is trying to work his magic on Jessica. Jessica seems useless 

Made contact with detective Reeves, trying to arrange a meeting. Reeves said the PD in SF has ordered a moritorium on all missing persons in the city. Reeves is the detective Mike yelled at. Someone in the government took all their files on the "balloon mask killer"

Balloon mask killer was the first serial killer of the internet age in the late 80s. Has a cult following online. 

FBI agent Alice Redman looks like the jazz lady from the CCTV in the  hardware store. 

Going to confront Cinnabon, calling Reeves first. 

Ran into the jazz lady in the mall who was dragging a disabled mannequin. Confronted her, she had a gun. 

PASTOR MIKE GOT SHOT IN THE FUCKING HEAD

Grabbed the bag the jazz lady was holding

Cattle prods can be used to disable the mannequins 

03/14/223

Black slude is organic, possibly plant or fungi

Arm is wihtin the realm of known science but advanced. High in flourine. Draws water in through capillary action. 

Worm thing is 98% of sugar. Trace amounts of fats. About 2% DNA. Just G and C in the DNA, not T or A. Not from any known animals, doesn't exist in nature but could be made in a lab. 

ISBN is First Editions 1962 of Labrynth. Translated by James Derby. 

Nothing interesting online about the Yooper Succulent club, dad couldnt find them in any news articles or unsolved mysteries or anyhthing. 

04/05/22

Investigated musical note hand out, no musical notes but just sharps and flats. 

Looked up the book. Author became popular in the 60s when it was translated to English. Text is an exploration of meaning. Searched for the story in the context of the BMK. A lot of simping for Alice. She had a lot of fans and did interviews prior to becoming whatever she is now. Looked up Alice Redmond in the phone books, her old addresss is 1612 Ashborough Way

Collin Reeves has beeped Pastor Mike. Max called him on the payphone. Reeves wants to meet up. Meeting him at the Gull Lake Lodge. 

Went to Redmond's house. Figures draped in blankets in the library, might be mannequins but probably not. Beneath the first sheet is a marble stattue of a woman holding a lyre. Has a plaque that says "woman with lyre, 1993, Boise society for sculptural appreciation."

Whole apartment is covered in a few months of dust. There are footprints leading into the library. 

Checked the library for a copy of Labyyrinth, note in the front of the book from "nine-string." Book is from the Information Hazard Response Unit, neither Reeves nor dad knows what that is. Empty space in the shelf next to Labyrinth. 

After the library is the music room. Has a large metal door with a combination lock

04/06/22

Called Gary to help solve the equation. Code to the door is 0.083

In the vault is a deck full of papers and a huge map of SF with locations numbers 1-6. Seb took a polaroid. Grabbed all docs and photos we could from the desk. Other side of the room is notes on survailance. 

Dad got stopped by a cop. Cop got a woman in a Hawaiian shirt from the PAcific Coast Board of Tourism, Agent Kayak. 

Elk crawled out of the ceiling. Its face opened up and it was full of holes.
Tried to escape out the window, monster destoryed agent Reeves.

Cody and Seb ran towards the car, Max ran into the woods.  

SEASON TWO

09/16/22

Googled the latin phrase: "Our Broken Horn Syncopates the Silence"

Small key from a saxophone. One other piece of paper, a syllabus for the IHRU

09/23/22
Jazz club elevator code: 13762

10/07/22

Led out of the elevator one by one. Jazz music still playing underground. 

Step into a pitch black room one by one. 

In the room is a table with a red velvet tbale cloth and a single deck of cards. Deck is smaller than 52 cards, strange back. Maxwell has been given the monicker of Agent Marimba as is playing cards first. Cards are some kind of fucked up tarot deck maybe? She gives you a prompt and you must improvise an answer. 

I go second. I tell a story about my older brother saving me from bullies. She is skeptical. 

We passed but barely. 

Shared our information with Tremlolo and now he is sharing with us. 

Blue Note Jazz collective was moved to SF after a different club was investigating Europa. Destruction triggered from the inside. The San Diego club has been completely sealed off and no one can access it. Assumption is it was destroyed by a RONIN somehow. 

There is a separate faction under Agent Caraway doesn't believe it was done by a RONIN and was just done by a crazy agent. 


Evidence of the Europa RONIN are Memory loss and sighting of monsters in cities where there was a CIA number station. 

Siyd Foxglove (the son who has been missing) helped the Jazz agency access LTX records. T believes he is central to our investigation. 

Agent Direction also went missing on the same day Redmond went missing. T believes that Syd used his knowlegde of the Foxglove algorithm to mind control Redmond. 

Tremelo is familiar with agent Kayak. Her real name is Kate Hill or Kate Turner. 

Subject of Redmond's photos is Agent Direction who is currently missing. Dylan. 

Avoid the sculpture people. Succelent people are good. Board people are bad.

10/14/22

Got home to Pastor Mike's house. Someone is in the rain watching us, wearing a leather smock, wearing a smooth white porcelain mask. Walked back into the darkness.

Someone placed something on our car during the night. Looks like a tracking device. 

No leads from the church. Asked people at a local Denny's about it. They said it was very weird and they think it is a cult and advised we avoid it. 


1 on the map is the White Stag

2 is the Seventh Tabernacle

3 is highway I90. Matches the unknown photo number 1 with the man in the bomber jacket. There is a black X marked on the map int he woods west of her. 

4 is a residential area near Redmond's house, dont knwo what DH is

5 is a housing project called The Conifers. There are a lot of homeless people here. 

6: We recognize this building but dk why. This is the building from the photo we didn't recognize. The building is the local homeless shelter that was mentioned in an article we saw in the church. Seems like this place is related to the church somehow? It does appear to be a real homeless shelter as well though. 

Sculptures in unknown picture two look like the covered ones at Redmond's house. 

Going back to the jazz club for brain school and debriefing. 

Looking through their library for stuff. Found all the books and docs from the IHSU syllabus. Cody gets the three operational Guidelines books. 

RONIN and Organizationalm Security.  Started going crazy as i read it,  lost san but gained Uncanny Intuition.


12/02/22


We found the body of Calvin who had been stabbed to death. He has a love note from Shawn and looks like he's been dead for about two weeks, since the party probably. 

Found in an LTX shipping container in the woods. Connection to the original Calisto?

Found a paper in the shipping container and there is a paper dated 01/05/1950.

Bunch of cars in the underpass. Shawn's car is there as well as a bunch of other cars where many are identical. 

RIP Shawn died in his own trunk. He was cattle prodded. 

12/16/22

Oh shit oh fuck its time to fight the wolves. 

Dad shot one but it didnt take it down. 

Max and Seb got temporary bouts of madness 

Found Redmond's secret base. Full of pill bottles and some documents 

found a note with a phone number: 514-874-2313

Managed to kill the wolves but dad got a pretty bad gash along his chest. 


cody recap 1 
Vice captains log…captains log…? Captains log! Startdate: October 5th, 1997, 4:17 PM
	
	What started as a trip to the First Annual Seattle Star Trek Convention has evolved into something much different and more…terrifying. 

	As you know from my previous log entries we are continuing our search for Emily’s missing brother, Sean. But what should have been a quick errands has turned into quite the adventure, 

	I still haven’t fully recovered from my encounter with Alphonse Spicecube. Have I always had the capacity for such violence? Maybe my father was right about some things…

	My new first officer, Max and I spoke to Sean’s friend who works at Chuck E. Cheeses. He seemed like a cool enough guy but he hasn’t seen Sean since before he went to jail. However, he was able to recall seeing Sean’s car outside the nearby hardware store about a week ago.

	We spoke to the owner of the hardware store who was rough around the edges but quite nice. He didn’t recall Sean but he did mention a strange “jazz woman” who came into his store twice around the same time Sean did. We also saw many bags of the same potting soil that keeps popping up during this mystery. The owner was kind enough to show us some footage of the jazz lady and she was truly a scary sight to behold. She was dressed like the man said but she also had unkempt hair with pine needles sticking out of it. The jazz clothes imply she is at odds with the church we visited but I have no idea what that means. She never stopped smiling but it seemed wooden and forced. The owner informed us she bought crazy glue, red spray paint and the strongest cattle prod he sells. I’m afraid we left with more questions than we had when we entered. 

	Max and I are now in Gary’s car which I’ve deemed Shuttlecraft #2 and we are heading to rendezvous with Mike and Sebasation who have been investigating some other leads.

	It’s looking like this trip is going to be longer than just the weekend I had planned but my dad said when you decide to do something you do it right so I’m not going to stop until Sean is found and these mysteries are solved!

	We’re pulling into the Arby’s drive through now. End Transmission.
	


cody recap 2
Recap 2

Captains log, star date: who gives a shit!

Pastor Mike is fucking dead and it’s all my fucking fault!

I pushed the group to work with the police. I thought that the jazz woman, or should I say FBI agent Alice Redmond, would be on our side. Pastor Mike got a bullet in his fucking brain, it’s all my fault and it should have been me instead.

But… it wasn’t me. I’m not dead and that means something. I have to step up! Pastor Mike is gone and we no longer have a leader. But he was right! He was right about not trusting the jazz people and he was sure right about not trusting the fucking FBI. I used to think he was just an unhinged old man but if he was right about everything so far what else does that mean he was right about… I will have to do more research and pay more attention to his teachings. I will make sure his legacy lives on! 

Anyway… we learned a lot at LTX but it also feels like we gained nothing. It seems like barely anyone works there and the people who do are just as confused by the company’s actions as we are. From the paperwork we went over we could see there is some sort of pattern to the dirt shipments but we haven’t been able to figure out what it means. In a typical genius move Pastor Mike (pause to get choked up) faxed a ton of documents to his home so hopefully at some point we will be able to go back to his place and do a more in depth dive into those papers. 

We saw that detective Reeves was also poking around LTX. We called him and he revealed that the local police have been ordered by someone higher up to stop investigating any missing persons in the SF area. Reeves’ brother worked for LTX and went missing so Reeves is disregarding that order to look into his brother’s disappearance. He has to stay under the radar so I’m not sure how helpful he will be. 

He did key us on to the Balloon Mask Killer who, despite already being in jail, is somehow connected to this whole fucked up scenario. We did some research into the BMK but didn’t uncover anything but what would be widely available to anyone. He did some serial killings to “spice up his marriage” but he was caught and put away, largely thanks to Agent Redmond who used some kind of math to figure out the killer’s clues. I wish Gary was here, he would understand this crap. I’m losing too many friends…

After the case was wrapped up, Redmond moved to SF in 1993 to work on some unknown government project and to… perform jazz in her free time. 

After LTX felt like such a bust we decided to go to the mall and confront this Cinnabon who seemed to be the one sending the dirt. We were pretty sure he was another of these fucking mannequins but we were strapped up and thought we were prepared for the confrontation. Couldn’t have been more wrong…

The suite we were looking for was in the dark, still under construction part of the mall.  When we got close we saw dozens of regular mannequins standing around and then we saw Redmond, the jazz lady (recognized her from the hardware store footage) dragging a seemingly disabled Cinnabon. 

Pastor Mike wanted to go in guns blazing but I was so stupid and thought Redmond would be on our side, the enemy of our enemy is our friend, right? Fucking wrong!

I put my hands up but Mike smartly kept his gun leveled on her. But before we could do anything she opened fire and hit Mike right between the eyes before taking off. 

As I went down I noticed she dropped her bag. I heard my fathers voice in my head, and in a burst of courage I didn’t know I possessed, I ran and grabbed her back as we all fled. As I ran by it Cinnabon tried to grab me but was still too sluggish. I saw burn marks on its neck and finally put together that Redmond used the cattle prods to take these fuckers down. I had all the information to put that together. If I had figured it out sooner, Pastor Mike might still be alive!

We are now reconvened outside the mall at Mike’s car but of course the keys are on his still warm corpse. 

I don’t know what we are going to do next. Things have never been this bad before. All I know is that I will not let Pastor Mike’s death be in vain. This group needs a leader… a captain. I don’t know if Seb or Max can do it so that means the mountain of responsibility falls onto my shoulders. I will be the best captain I can be. I will continue our mission and Pastor Mike’s mission to destroy the Black Hand and the corruption that has consumed SF and also this great nation. I will solve this mystery, find Emily’s brother and make sure Mike is smiling down on me from heaven!

End transmission…

season 1 summary:
	It all started with a timeshare sales pitch, locked in a tiny conference room packed full of strangers and unseasonable warmth. Friday, October 3rd, 1997. It’s hard to even remember if Sebastian International was pitching you on vacation homes in Florida or Maine - it doesn’t matter anymore. For all intents and purposes, your new lives started when you spilled out into the parking lot afterwards. When you met her. 
Blonde, average in all respects outside of her fuck-you attitude and beligerent insistence that you and three other strangers knew something about her brother. Sean Fielding, some half-reformed burnout who’d squandered the privileges of wealth on methamphetamine and probably wound up shanked by one of his skinhead pals. That’s what you might’ve assumed, until she produced the letter from Alphonse. Some of you clung to that assumption for a long time.
	Fifteen minutes later, though, you were loaded in a smelly tour van headed to a well-heeled Sequoia Falls suburb, watching out the window while twilight turned to dusk and the world you thought you understood disappeared forever in the rearview mirror. 
	The place was a mess. Dirt everywhere, remnants of a party, a baggy of crystal in a bathroom cupboard, and not a single sign of Sean Fielding. Plenty of cops watching the place, though. You spent a while bagging all the weird shit you found. It would soon turn out, of course, that the cops weren’t the only ones watching you. You found that out after you went upstairs. 
You struggle to remember what the scrawlings looked like. Whenever you try to put one part of the mental image together, the others fall back apart, all jumble and swirl. Vague impressions: blood-red spray paint in some kind of repeating hexagon shape, like a honeycomb. The only thing you can nail down for sure are the words on the opposite wall.

Please God, Forgive Me.

	The next thing you remember is the voice from downstairs pulling you out of your stupor. You were rushing through the second floor or up and down the stairs, taking some kind of inventory when someone told you to look outside. Out into the backyard, cast in blue moonlight. That was when you saw him. The old man with the honeycomb face. 
During the standoff, the pastor raised his gun to fire at him. He must have missed, because the holes in the man’s face began to strobe blindingly, like some kind of alien cameraflash, popping loudly each time. Seven starting guns for the mad dash where you lost Gary and gunned your way to Pastor Mike’s house, where you’d spend every night since. 
	On October 4th, you picked strings and started pulling. Maxwell and Cody headed to the return address on Emily’s letter, while Mike and Sebastian hit the library. The failed stock trader and the the Star Trek fan tracked Alphonse Spicecube to what they believed to be abandoned second-floor office space downtown, but when they rounded the corner to its door, they found themselves in the Hot Cuppa, the hip coffee shop downstairs, with sensation that they had lost several minutes of time. 
	Meanwhile, digging at the library turned up interesting information, among other things, about Sean’s workplace and his circle of so-called friends. With information about the history of LTX and Sean’s ties to the Hammerskull crew, you reconvened at Mike’s house to compare notes, where you ultimately decided to head back to 3704 S. Preston road. 
	No amount of unnatural memory-loss can make you forget what happened in that dingy, abandoned office complex. Getting in was hard enough. Some clever camera work confirmed that a much cleaner version of the honeycomb pattern was printed directly onto the door in some kind of black sticky substance, which you would later learn to be a strange mixture of organic solids. For whatever reason, when viewed directly, this version of the shape was enough to cause memory loss so effectively that the viewer would forget they even saw anything, sparing them of the mental damage incurred when they had viewed it indirectly or imperfectly reproduced.
	So you closed your eyes and stepped inside.The space was indeed an abandoned office room, dank and musty. But something was off. You heard the running water, as though you were in some kind of underground cave. Stranger still was the presence of stacked piles of potting soil and folded cardboard boxes, which suggested this place to be at least one origin for the unwanted packages. So you followed the sounds of running water and you found out the truth of Alphonse Spicecube. The truth nearly killed Pastor Mike with a boxcutter.
 	The truth, of course, was that Alphonse Spicecube was not merely a fake name. Alphonse Spicecube was an entire fake person. It was an automaton of some kind: a featureless, plastic human dressed in shabby clothing, seemingly hydrating itself from a waterhose. The struggle only ended when Cody ripped the thing’s head off with his Bat’leth. Beneath its plastic carapace, Alphonse was full of densely coiled tubing. You took some clues and headed back to Mike’s house to recover from the trauma of your experience.   
	On Sunday morning, you decided to check out Seventh Tabernacle Church of Life, but encountered difficulties not long after entering the building. It wasn’t the “No Jazz Clothing” restriction which proved problematic - that was easy enough to achieve. The issue was that even though you’d arrived on time, the two large skinheads told you that the service had already started and refused to let you into the sanctuary. Cody made an abortive attempt to bluff his way through, attempting to name-drop Luther, whom he’d overheard them mention. His failure forced an early exit from the church with only a newspaper article to show for it.
	Throughout the rest of Sunday, you followed up on the voice mails left on Fielding’s answering machine. The biggest lead was Dan Calhoun, who appeared to have seen Sean’s beat up Volkswagon days after he’d apparently gone missing. Checking the security footage at Saul’s Supply Station nearby offered the first glimpse of a woman you would come to fear: Former FBI special agent, Alice Redmond, or, as you knew her then, “The Jazz lady.” She had apparently stolen Fielding’s car and was purchasing cattle prods, red spraypaint, and superglue.   
	During this time, you also were following up on clues from Spicecube: on the laundry list of bizarre names discovered on his outgoing packages, three normal names stuck out: Sean Fielding, Thomas Reeves, and Sarah Prescott. Investigations at their addresses were hampered by police surveillance, but you managed to determine that Prescott and Reeves too had vanished, some seemingly for months by this point. Other connections began to form as well: LTX Keycards, spray-painted hexagons, and stolen cars.
On Monday morning, you stopped by the community college and met with Alexander Austen, a professor in chemistry. You provided him with the black slime, the strange worm, and the severed arm of Alphonse Spicecube. He told you it could be up to a week and he would get back to you as soon as he could.  
	 Afterwards, you tried to make contact with another friend of Sean’s - Mandy Archer, who may have been the last person to see him. Apparently his on-again/off-again fling, she seemed to be a nihilistic and impulsive young woman kept under strict control by her controlling and offputting father with whom Pastor Mike seemed to get along rather well. Under the cover of interviewing for a right-wing magazine, you were able to convince Mr. Archer to have Mandy call you. You set up a meeting for Tuesday at the Spigot. 
	Tuesday morning was spent at LTX trying to put together some kind of narrative and make some kind of sense of the mystery, but nothing seemed to add up. You were able to confirm, at least, that it seemed like LTX employees were at least partially aware of the shipments of dirt, but were themselves clueless as to their origin or purpose. Some employees were apparently trying to get to the bottom of it, but at the end of the day, it seemed like the company wasn’t interested in harassing paying customers. 
	What you did find, however, was that a police officer named Colin Reeves had been following a similar lead, apparently searching for his missing brother Thomas - and he’d left a business card. A phone call to Reeves revealed that someone with a lot of clout had requested every file on the Balloon Mask Killer, which led you to a website about a serial killer who had been brought to justice by an FBI agent named Alice Redmond. 
	It was also around this time that packages of dirt began arriving at the home address you supplied to Sebastian International. You traced them back to an abandoned mall, mailed out by someone, or something, named Quentin Cinnabon. I don’t think that anybody needs to be reminded of what happened that night.
	The following day began early, when UMSE agents Thistle and Thorn visited the late pastor Mike Goodman’s house with a cryptic message. Apparently they’d intervened in some kind of cover-up the night before, working on behalf of the jazz club to clean up the tracks of their rogue agent. 
	Another morning of research into Redmond lead you to her address. A meeting with Thomas Reeves and a day at the firing range led you to Alice’s house, where our story ended in April. 



Character Sheet

Seqioa Falls, October 3rd, 1997

Name: Sugar “Maxwell” Harrison
 Age: 26
Gender: Male
Profession: Entrepreneur (self-proclaimed/would-be) 



Vajra: Cody Baker, lives with his parents too, pudgy, very average, kinda lame guy, obsessive trekkie
Brendan: Michael Goodman “Pastor Mike” 
Other Alex: Sebastian Weaver, 39 year old recluse. Fishmonger at Seattle fish market 
Matt: Hence Thoroughfare

Emily Fielding 

Occupation: Assistant to Pastor Mike

Spending Luck: You can spend luck to improve rolls, but that lost luck is a penalty to all luck rolls afterwards
Pushed Roll--noncombat: If you fail a roll, you can try again but failing a second time will be penalized

Large 80s living room, high blue ceilings, white furniture, damp black dirt scattered everywhere, dozens of footprints track soil all over the room

Room contains:  ppool table, couch, staircase

Low-rise wine cabitent 
Glass doorway to the left shows the backyard

Further into the house, doorway north wall ‘

Deep in the darkness of the cavernous living room, a single orange dot is blinking 

Check the bathroom

Small ziplock baggie with a small crystalline powder, knife GET’

Dan Calhoun, highschool burnout friend

Seventh Tabernacle Church of Life

Sink, stove, dishwasher, beneath a huge window, gives a view of the street outside 

Rows of cabinets, trash can is overflowing with beer cansw

Windowless garage, wellmaintained and organized, nearly spotless, traces of black dirt by the trash can

LTX Logistics, Return Address: 3704 South Preston Road, Sequoia Falls, 98926--building downtown, coffee shop, Hot Cuppa 

Strange spiraling hexagon patterns painted on the wall

12/17

D.S.--nothing doing 
Mandy Archer--300 Oak Grove Terrace, Sequoia Falls 
Chris Lavin, Yellow Pages--
Alex Kramer-nothing doing 
Jessica Harring-nothing doing

No police reports from that night 

More homeless disturbances in that area

Local Legend, local cryptid known as Mr. Honeycomb, said to be waiting in the woods for unsuspecting bystanders

Sebastian International 800-841-2920

Split Second Towing 

Hot Cuppa, busy gentrified coffee shop

+1 luck

Image forms in mind of the door of 3704, the staircase is approaching 

Repeatedly lost time and ended up in a weird place


“If you don’t know, the thing to do is not to get scared, but to learn”. Atlas Shrugged, Ayn Rand. 

I’ve been thinking about this line a lot. Been doing a lot of reading. Easier than thinking, these days. Knew a lot of fellas in new york who sought comfort in a bottle, but for me, this book has always brought me comfort when life has been…well, less than profitable. Christ, what a time this has been. Following that woman to that house, all that fucking dirt, and then that---that--

Fuck. I said I saw it, but I’d be lying if i said i knew what the fuck I saw. Mike’s been going on about the usual suspects, and somehow, I get the feeling he’s even more wrong than usual about this. That *thing* did not look like any government spook i’ve ever read about. It’d be easier to just forget it ever happened, but like Gordon Gekko said, “The most valuable commodity I know of is information”, and I’ll be damned if i’m going to be the only one sitting still while that blowhard pastor and that old fish-smelling freak are the only ones trying to figure things out at the library. No, being scared isn’t profitable. Better to be bullish, in all things. 

Problem is, I--there are so many holes in the day. We went to go find that address, by the Hot Cuppa, a place I have never been before in my life--coffee shops are good for little else than housing beatniks and liberals for a time so that the rest of society can unwrinkle our collective noses. And yet--I found myself sitting at a table there, just…well, sitting, it’s not like I’d have much in common to discuss with that Star Wars freak I was with anyways. But that feels…wrong? I mean, I was there, for sure, but I don’t remember…going inside? And I know I *wanted* to check on that address, I know we found the door, but…we went home shortly after. But after *what*? 

I feel like I have a puzzle, and I’ve put it all together but pieces are still missing, even though every piece has already been used. 

Maybe I just haven’t been getting enough sleep.

I hate this fucking town. 


David Scwartz--Hammerskull Crew

Sean Fielding--Hammerskull Crew

221 N Hyacinth Plaza--Chruch

Pattern of tesselated hexagons on the door

Door hurts to look at, able to open it if eyes closed

Huge stack of cardboard boxes, countertop with a digital scale on it, scoop, big pallets of potting soil, black soil everywhere 

Box is directed to a Thermos Milkshaft (??)

2 classes of box--light and heavy, 1 pound or 5 pound ballpark

Stack of mailing *to* Alfonse Spicecube, no normal names on the list

Hearing rushing water

Featureless plastic Manakin wearing ragged clothes wiedling an exacto knife, throwing him back 

500251241

Long cylinders, translucent, made out of jello

Begins to come apart in my hands, like a gelatin wormy substance

Thomas reeves 652 90th ter w

Sarah Prescott 881 3rd ave ne

Sean Fielding 55 Rosebush Ct

1/14

Lots of chemical industry in Ellenburg, nearby Seqoia Falls and a prosthetics company

147 Country Club, Sequoia Falls

Sean Fielding, last seen Saturday before last

Big bags of mira-grow potting soil 

Early 30s man at the counter

Volks Passat, doens’t like “her” when she comes by 

Wihte button down, suspenders and a bowtie, hasn’t bathed in months, strong smell 

Never stops smiling, pays cash only 
Has a lot of pine needles on her 

Dancing shoes, flat black slacks, long black hair to her back, barely see her eyes and teeth

Skeleton’s grimace as she smiles, walks like a ballerina, early 30s 

Crazy glue, red spray paint, and a cattle prod, highest voltage

Number--509-512-3664

The spigot 

Sequoia Falls--the Blue Note Jazz Collective, exclusive jazz club 

Moved headquarters to Vancouver 

Oliver + son Sid did a lot of scientific innovations, only prominent black family, father died recently under suspicious circumstances


Unexplained explosions happened right before the ousting of Winston Foxglove, who was considered responsible for explosions in December 7-9 1949 San Diego, Tacoma, and Sydney, and Vancouver. Government investigations considered Winston responsbile, yet there was no punishment. There were casualties. 

Oliver’s son, Sid, is most synonymous with Ergomatic

Oliver died violently

Syd is missing, considered person of interest

Far-right xenophobic groups have been opponents of the direction of the city--possible link with the skull nazis



100 parkway frontage road, ste. 50’

All but Pastor Mike got mysterious packages from Quentin Cinnabon

2 heavy boxes, four lighter boxes

Met Sean at Spigot on the 18th

Mandy seems to like Sean

27th, drunk dialed at 9 on friday. Sean seemed really messed up, like he’d been crying. Slept with Mandy. 

The white stag, further out on I-90. Run by Luther Schwartz and his two dipshit sons, Tyler/David 

Sean close to Calvin

Jazz made the neo-nazis paranoid, the white stag was formerly a venue, stopped hosing musicians entirely 

+750 dollars 


It’s interesting what the human mind can acclimate to. Just last week, the most stressful part of my life was the constant possibility that my parents would listen to the show and that show would be the time Mike dropped a particularly heinous slur. Now I’m working together with a group of…people to do…well, i’m not sure what? The goal is to find our employer’s brother, supposedly, but I don’t think we get to just close this deal and walk away. We bought in high and i’m not sure what selling out even means here. 

They know where we live. I say ‘they’ because it’s hard to say exactly *what* it is that we’re up against, strange church fanatics, mannequins that bleed water, jazz enthusiasts? Whatever the case may be, my parents got shipments from LTX. Mike’s house didn’t get any, but they had my parents’ address. It’s hard to know how to react, really. My parents are in danger but whatever is going on feels like…well, this town doesn’t feel safe anymore in general. This doesn’t really change anything ultimately. 

Mike and I interviewed Mandy, a deeply unpleasant young woman who couldn't charm her way *into* a bear trap. Thank god the meeting didn’t take long, i’m not sure how much more of her sarcasm and youthful…pique I could have taken. Mike seemed like he wanted to fuck her, which isn’t surprising, man would hump a stone if you put a skirt on it. She told us some information about The White Stag, a join on I-90 our friends the neo-nazis hang out. It’s a former venue, but it seems they’ve started turning away musicians. Seem to have it out for jazz musicians in particular. Not that I blame them, mind--jazz is music the same way urine is a drink. 

Speaking of Jazz, we tried to get into a…suspicious jazz club? 

Trying to keep track of all the different factions in this…scenario hurts my brain, but i don’t think any of them are our friends. We picked up some firearms, and I have a sickening sense we’re gonna have to use them. The 

Mike got a text frmo his dead wife, vanished text

Went to LTX with cody in disguise, doing a fake interview

800-348-3150

Colin Reeves, detective, number on card

Sango
Kikyo’s herat

SEan, Mike, Sarah, fired for not showing up to work, fired yesterday

Sarah fired august 17th, THomas Reeeves 15th 

Sean, Thomas, SArah all started work the same day

Theodore Blakely

PD department put on a moratorium on all missing persons case 

The Balloon Mask killer, late 80s

High profile killer, the first of the internet age, 

All books on Balloon Mask killer 

Alice Redmond looks a little like the Jazz Lady

https://the-balloon-mask-mystery.neocities.org/profiling.html

Pastor Mike died, Alice Redmond had killed a manneuin with a cattle prod (we should get one)

Pastor Mike’s Will--find their successor, Maxwell inherits everything, location 4, in the black book, private vault 

Note: Maxwell does not know where the shit is

What is the Dustmind Dreaming?--journal

Lakeview Place--apartment where reeves lived

Agent Thistle/Thorn at the door--two twins, man and woman in mid-late 40s, irish-looking, dressed as gardeners. Woman is holding a potted cactus

Alice--Agent Altissimo 

Michigan Succulent Enthusiasts 

Blue Note Jazz Collective--Agent Tremolo

Agent Legato, Agent Ninestrings

Agent Altissimo is at odds 

Pointy on the outside, inside is sweet

Patience
Protocol

Ranger Rover, Michigan plates

Black Slime, clearly organic, high fat content, some cell walls, some sort of plant/fungus cell, not enough DNA for any sample 

Arm: made out of engineered plastic, similar to plastic, high in fluorine content, very electroconductive, water sticks to it tightly. Unusually strong capillary action, arm flexes when the water goes through. 

Worm-thing: Mostly sugar, polysaccharides, 98 percent sugar. Lots of DNA, 2 percent, there was only Cytosine and Guanine. Binary, never seen anything like it, not from any known animal. Possibly engineered. 

Labryinths, translated by James E. Derby

Unk government agent anonymously has recruited us individually 

Feel a sense of familiarity, never seen grass so uniform 

Infohazard response unit, found yourselves part of a group headed by Thomas o’Daud, FBI 

Speak Carefully and Step Lightly 

Randomly Organizated Neutral Activation Network

The Black Coral

Hexagon inside of squiggly circles, not quite the same as the future, seems to be coral-like

Kate survived, along with Brendan’s character

We have a copy of Jorge Luis Borges’s Labrinths, which is mentioned from the note in the cactus 


We have a musical scale 

Gull Lake Lodge, by 3:30

1ish 

6 foot 5 inches tall objects draped in bedsheets, probably mannequins 

Her house is like a library 

Sean--drives a volkswagen

509312--sarah prescott

Tall, marble statue, woman holding a lyre

From Boise Society for Cultural Appreciation

Thin layer of dust everywhere, seems uninhabited for ~2 months

19?
Deacon ansel, Schwartzes

Callisto Report: 

Callisto was made into a constellation, connections between points? 

December 6-8, 1949
Synchronized (relatively) explosions across 4 countries in 5 ports
All accidental, Tacoma, Vancouver, Oakland, Perth, Osaka
Connection (?)--all shipments that exploded had passed through Tacoma
Suspicion focused on the Foxglove family, owners of LTX

RONIN--Randomly Organized Neuro-Informational Network

CALLISTO--the “nodes” in the LTX network of transit, linked points in space and time that led to the disaster--events like delayed shipments, missed safety trainings, etc. 



LTX workers communicated a sense of being “passively compelled” while working, days, months, and years leading up to the event

Architecture/floor plan of the warehouse seemed to induce a sense of “Being forced” to the workers, and were drawn up by the Foxglove Algorithm, made by Winston to optimize work output. Workers would continually rearrange shelving in response to the changes in shipping type and frequency, generating variations on a Snowflake. THis is the “immanent vector” 

Compared to the way honeycombs/beeswax act as a guide for bees

Because the vector creates itself in response to these shipping orders and these form both its input and output, the paper theorizes that this acted as a mirror to create self-awareness, an intelligence born out of these processes 

Concerns of how the brain can be affected by geometrical patterns, not just in language but in the vector influences of Callisto, the architecture inducing behavior. (note: hexagons?)

What is a Basilisk in this context? Unclear

appendices--Callisto’s floor plan resembles a hexagon strongly

	I’m alone. 

	Redmond’s house, the police, the--the--

	Deer doesnt’ sound right. It’s the best word I have, but it’s like trying to describe a plague by calling it an illness, it’s not wrong, but it could be more---not correct, but more. More just, generally. There aren’t words for what this was, monster feels too storybook, demon feels too religious, too fitting into a world with rules and strictures and ways to hold back what lurks in the darkness behind our eyes where bone kisses muscle and caresses sinew and all dwells in a world that is not meant to be witnesssed, lest careless surgeries wrench open the thin skin of reality and the guts of the world, the quivering strands of DNA that throttle life which stretch and writhe and flay and grasp and see without eyes, the never-seen vistas which gleam wetly and reach out and--

	I’m sorry. 

	It wasn’t. A fucking deer. 

	I don’t know when I last slept well. I feel lost in labryinths far less literary than the ones we’d been plumbing before--

	Oh, god, Reeves is dead. I didn’t know him, didn’t care about him, really. But nobody deserves what that…that thing did to him. I don’t know what the police are going to do with that scene. Nothing human kills like that. Nothing animal does for that matter either. Not. A deer. 

	I don’t know if the others are dead. There were shots, the others, the stupid fucking wastes of skin that I’m stuck with, they ran towards the gunfire. Gunfire might be preferable to whatever waited and dripped in that house, but--Mike died of gunfire. I ran into the woods. 

	Never liked the woods. Never even been camping. Humanity spent millenia evolving such that we didn’t have to live amongst the crawling, grasping, writhing, cavalcade of eyes--

	No. No. No. 

	I hope they live. I don’t like them, but if I’m alone, I’m also next. 

	We might have the password to that Jazz club. Jazz and fucking deer that aren’t. 

	I hope I meet up with them again. Anyone who ever says they’re ready to die is a fucking liar. 

	I’m alone in these woods. 

	At least. 

	I hope.  

	Two rows of naked people, not mannikins, faces are blank in terms of expression, not literally

	Their faces open up, lightning blasts from their faces

	Escaped and rendezvous’ed

	Small Saxophone key (like what you press on the instrument), double-sided piece of pizza with a syllabus for something called the IHRU

	Our Broken Horn syncopates the Silence

Failed listen after entering the jazz club

Face is behind the edge of the room, possibly waiting to walk in. 

Black dude in a suit, wearing a clean suit similar to Alice Redmond, mid 40s
Blonde woman with tightly cropped blonde hair, following 

Long card table, red velvet table cloth

4 chairs, deck of cards on the table

Marimba?

Duke of voices, duke of horns, king of voices

Blue Note Jazz Collection was started in Sequoia Falls, San Diego Entymology Club was destroyed, was investigating a Ronin named Europa. Destruction trigger from the inside. Each of the facilities in the project are equipped with an internal kill switch to seal everything frmo the insidie in case of an info hazard breach. 

Since 1992 the SDEC has been inaccessible, unaware of what happened, info has been quarantined. THey were investigating a Ronin that may have destroyed them, unk. 

BNJC has carried on their work, however there was considerable difference in interpretation.
 
Two schools of thought--Agent Ninestring, head of JC, believes the destruction to have been the work of a Ronin. Agent Carroway heads the other faction, believes the the person in charge was emotionally unstable in the events of 1979 and caused this? 

Two schools have led to the situation now. 

BNJC has not been able to find evidence of Europa, until 1996. 

This location in particular--after Europa event took out the SDEC, all other manifestations of Europa ceased except in one place. The co-occurence of memory loss and sightings of monsters, cities host to number stations once used by the CIA, are the hallmarks of Europa. Basilisks/”Sheet music”, a song transmitted by these number stations. 

The board has hampered the BNJC, the fact that Europa evidence is being found in Sequoia Falls is also a likely connection between Europa and Callisto due to LTX.

Number Station is out of commission, no auditory evidence, investigation petered out. 

At that time, developed a relationship with Syd Foxglove, helped them investigate LTX records, starting in 1995/1996 early/late. 

Syd Foxglove--missing son, central to whatever has happened to Alice. Went missing in Jan, currently missing for 9 months.
 
BJNC on the outs with the board, losing access to the records, somebody high up has decided that this agency is likely to be decommissioned. Friends high up on the board, Lopez is still a friend, the simple fact that we are being sabotoged by Agent Direction, he is also missing. July 10th--Direction and Alice go missing the same day. 

Current theory per Agent: Syd, as a person with expertise and access to the Foxglove algorithm, has exerted mind control over alice in order to frame the organization for murder/be out of control/discredit in the eyes of the board. Agent Direction is the husband of Agent Caryatid. 

Faction of the Board that wants to weaponize Ronin. 

BNJC strongly opposes that, has made them a pariah. 

Syd possibly related, unclear. 

Boise Sculptural Appreciation are not to be trusted per BJNC

Succulent folk are probably good 

Agent Caryatid=Agent Kayak, Kate Turner/Kate Hill, me!!

Tremolo is looking at an ant farm full of crickets, he talks to them. 

He thinks FBI girl isn’t actually insane

5--Housing Project named The Conifers, lots of homeless people. 

6--Local Homeless Shelter
\
3--I-90

Dylan/Agent Direction is the man in the photographs

Luther Schwartz? 

Agent Tremolo thinks he knows where the X is, but also doesn’t

Rudlolph, Colin Abernathy, Ryan Smith

401 Rosewood Ct is burned to the ground, found a basement that also was burned

Remnants of a possible mattress, springs? Remnants of a pipe possibly connected to a water heater. In the bottom corner is a shackle/manacle, attached to the pipe. 
Brendan killed a worm-like thing, 3 feet long, similar to what was in Alphonse Spicecube’s lair, but 

I hate the woods.

	My parents took me out camping once, seven years ago. Three days and nights of listening to the howling of cicadas, the greedy buzzing of mosquitos, and the crackling of branches in the brush that could mean either a passing deer or a roaming bear. Humanity spent millennia perfecting engineering techniques to create the revolutionary invention of inside, so that we didn’t have to squat in the bushes and shit in rampant harmony with an orchestra of chittering, biting, ravening beasts and bugs, let alone any number of diseases. 

	I fucking hate the woods. 

	Why Cory was so insistent on coming into these woods is beyond me. Mike--Dad Mike--and I spent what felt like an hour trying to get any sort of rationale out of why we should just charge into these woods without investigating other leads first, and the best that kid could give us was “let’s go to the woods”. I don’t know if he’s being deliberately obtuse, or if reading that book snapped whatever few tendrils of sanity that tethered his star wars-addled brain to reality. 

	Reality. As if that’s not an idea growing more and more fluid by the day. All the same, that just means we need to hold fast to what we DO know. 

	We went out to that other agent’s house--or what was left of it. Place was burned to the ground. Arson feels weirdly quaint compared to what we’ve been seeing, but all the same, it would have been nice for there to be a straightforward lead for once. Mike found a basement, but there wasn’t much in it--except for possible hints of some bondage kink. Hopefully it’s that, and not a prison for someone or some…thing. Can’t rule of things anymore. 

	The White Stag turned out to not be exactly a bounty of information--Mike got in, chatted up the bartender, and noticed a computer in a back room, but other than that, the neo nazis weren’t…the most interesting part of the night. That came later.

	In the fucking woods. 

	I hope Cory and Seb are happy with this jaunt, strange deer, bizarre gleaming worms that cause us to lose time when they’re shot--the woods are a disgusting, feral place in the best of circumstances, but nothing in Sequoia Falls has been anything remotely in the same zip code as “the best of circumstances” in a long time.

	I don’t know what comes next. The Center of the Universe--the center of the middle of nowhere, perhaps, but i don’t think that sign was written as a joke. Nothing has been very funny in the past couple weeks. 

	No way but forward, I suppose. 

	I really, REALLY hate the fucking woods. 

Base of ravine, we can hear the sounds of a highway

Homeless encampment? Lots of tents, stacked ontop of each other to give the impression of a single building

Lots of trash and signs of habitation, but no immediate signs of life

Big rectangular shape to the side, one of these tents are open, there are things hanging from/near it, still no signs of life 

Hanging in the tent is rotting meat, smells really bad 

Dead body on the floor

Man in his 40s, not rotting, lots of tats, weathered skin--used to living outside, no signs of violence, emaciated, suggests death by starvation

Horizontal Shipping container is obstructing the left hand of the ravine, longest exposed edge has been peeled away at each end creating doors to a pitch black interior. Across is a complex of blankets and tarps in a towering, multistory edifice out of which what might be a second floor/bridge of ropes extends across to the top of the shipping container. Layers of blankets and trash are on blankets, causing the space to be dark

We discover the man in the bomber jacket’s body, Calvin, the lover of Sean Fielding 

LTX is the shipping container

Jan 5th, 1950, a month after the explosions from Callisto

Second story--rope bridge extends across the shipping container, ground level entrance as well

20 meters, inside a dark structure, is something shaped like a person but it is not a person--a statue/momument made of canned food shaped like a person

Another body, another addict, black paint on fingertips 

Black paint on opposite wall, four figures made of stacks of cans of food, but there are also crosses and religious iconagraphy next to the paint reading “God”. Four prostrated bodies on their knees, heads down, in front of these objects. Once has a shallow breath, a woman in her 30s. 

Long five-foot worm is on top of the container, slithers away 

We found Sean’s car, the radio is smashed

Whole underpass is stuffed with car after car, a lot of the cars are identical with 3 exceptions, sean’s car

Bloody fingernail marks inside the trunk, deceased body of sean fielding, two pronged burn marks

Painted grey hondas, as well as a toyota and nissan, the grey hondas have a mannikin in there

Alice Redmond’s prescription pills are in a room with a cot and desk with papers on it, appears to be her room

514-874-2313 found in Remond’s room, on a scrap of paper

Empty plastic baggie with some kind of residue, full plastic bAG 

